Added new option to static-content:deploy command (#8765)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-static-view.md

            <p>No</p>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>--no-parent</td>
        <td>

>             <p>This option provides the ability to deploy only the specific themes for multiple locales. It improves the build phase of deployment for the those who use a single theme with different locales.</p>

Reviewer: I would say something like:

> Do not generate files for the parent themes of the current theme. It is strongly recommended to use this flag if you don't explicitly use the parent theme of the current theme you are trying to deploy in your shop. Using this flag will significantly increase the speed of this process.

Reviewer 2: Excellent. Thanks for that.

>             <p>This option will be available from 2.4.2 version.It provides ability to deploy the only specific theme(s) for multiple locales, so it will improve build phase of deployment for the those who use single theme with different locales.</p>

Reviewer 3: Good job! 

Only one thing: since 2.4.2 has been released, I would say "This option is available from 2.4.2"

>             <p>This option will be available from 2.4.2 version.It provides ability to deploy the only specific theme(s) for multiple locales, so it will improve build phase of deployment for the those who use single theme with different locales.</p>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
            <p>This option provides the ability to deploy only the specific themes for multiple locales. It improves the build phase of deployment for the those who use a single theme with different locales.</p>
```
